you know I think Jean Ronald said it
best he said mash is the perfect
existential situation not everybody's
put on a uniform not everybody's gone to
war but everybody understands having to
take time away from those they love to
do something that they felt important
and and I think as a result of that the
show resonated with people in a way that
I think in my experiences not happen
before and it's not happened since on
me-tv it's a Wi-Fi mode tonight at six
five central on TV
who's the greatest Batman of all time
it's my great pleasure to introduce the
classic collection 64 fan favorite
episodes available now for the first
time ever on DVD this collection has
been beautifully remastered and it's
jam-packed with over three hours of
brand-new special features you were and
will always be my first baman plus
you'll get a detailed episode guide and
an exclusive personal letter from Adam
with your very own original show script
naked juicy behind-the-scenes details on
all of your favorite episodes and the
original 1966
movie
this is the classic Batman collection
you've been waiting for and it's yours
for only five easy payments of $19.99
each it's a steal and if you order now
we'll even pay for your shipping that's
an additional savings of almost $10 this
fantastic collection is not available in
stores and it makes a great gift for the
back pad in your life so call or go to
Batman on DVD calm well DVDs for only
five payments of $19.99 each
don't wait to get your classic Batman
collection call 1-800 to wait one five
oh one six or go to Batman on DVD calm
that's one eight hundred to a one five
oh one six old back and on DVD
surgery using trans rescue me weekdays
on me-tv breed and Molloy meet the
arrests on Adams well call station 51
one seconds till John emergency launch
and John Key bhai we safe on ships
weekdays starting at four three central
uneasy
see driving doesn't happen by accident
picu described applies to registration
please I'm going unnecessary
distractions
enjoy the ride
the bunch of misfit Marines to ever fly
the South Pacific their duffel Black
Sheep squadron Sundays at 7 6 central on
me-tv
on me-tv I know all the words today
Bonanza theme song we got a right to
pick a little fun
on me-tv when you're lost in space
Zero's weeknights of nineteen central
and